MEEM Memory Ltd. One (1) Year WarrantyUNITED STATES OF AMERICAIF YOU ARE A CONSUMER (AS DEFINED IN CONDITION 2.7.), THIS WARRANTY IS IN ADDITION TO YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS IN RELATION TO PRODUCTS WHICH ARE FAULTY OR NOT AS DESCRIBED. ADVICE ABOUT YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS IS AVAILABLE FROM YOUR LOCAL CITIZENS’ ADVICE BUREAU OR TRADING STANDARDS OFFICE.THIS WARRANTY SHALL COMMENCE FROM THE DATE OF PURCHASE OF THE MEEM PRODUCT BY THE ORIGINAL END-USER PURCHASER.1.	WARRANTY1.1.	MEEM’s warranty obligations are limited to the terms set forth below. MEEM SL Memory Limited (Company No. 10058697) of 7 Jardine House, Bessborough Road, London HA1 3EX, United Kingdom (“MEEM”), warrants this MEEM hardware product (“MEEM Product”) against defects in materials and workmanship for a period of ONE (1) YEAR from the date of retail purchase by the original end-user purchaser (“Warranty Period”).1.2.	If a hardware defect arises in respect of the MEEM Product and a valid claim is received within the Warranty Period then you are entitled under this Warranty to:(a)	up to thirty (30) days from the date of delivery of the MEEM Product: if your MEEM Product is faulty, a refund.  If your MEEM Product is not faulty, repair or replacement of your MEEM Product, at the sole discretion of MEEM;(b)	up to six (6) months from the date of delivery of the MEEM Product: repair or replacement of your MEEM Product, at the sole discretion of MEEM.  If, in the discretion of MEEM, your faulty MEEM Product can’t be repaired or replaced, or if the MEEM Product is faulty after one repair or replacement by MEEM, a full refund; and(c)	for the remainder of the Warranty Period: repair or replacement of your MEEM Product, at the sole discretion of MEEM. If, in the discretion of MEEM, your faulty MEEM Product can’t be repaired or replaced, or if the MEEM Product is faulty after one repair or replacement, a refund of either an appropriate price reduction or (if you want to reject the MEEM Product) the full price less a deduction for use to take into account the use you have had of the MEEM Product from the date of retail purchase through the date that a Warranty claim was made by you.1.3.	Any repair or replacement of the MEEM Product shall be at no charge to you.1.4.	We will not be required to repair or replace a MEEM Product if that remedy (the repair or replacement) is impossible or disproportionate to the other of those remedies.1.5.	If you request or agree to the repair or replacement of the MEEM Product during the 30 day period detailed in paragraph 1.2. (a) above, the period will stop running for the length of the waiting period and if the repaired or replacement MEEM Product is defective, the period is extended to 7 days after the waiting period ends or (if later) the 30 day period extended by the waiting period.1.6.	When a MEEM Product or part is exchanged, any replacement item becomes your property and the replaced item becomes MEEM’s property. When a refund is given, the MEEM Product for which the refund is provided must be returned to MEEM and becomes MEEM’s property.1.7.	The limited warranty set forth above represents the full extent of MEEM’s liability to you with respect to the MEEM Product. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, in no event will MEEM or its affiliates, or any of its or their respective licensors or service providers, have any liability arising from or related to your use of or inability to use the MEEM Product for:(a)	personal injury, property damage, lost profits, cost of substitute goods or services, loss of data, loss of goodwill, business interruption, computer failure or malfunction or any other consequential, incidental, indirect, exemplary, special or punitive damages;(b)	direct damages in amounts that in the aggregate exceed the amount actually paid by you for the MEEM Product;The foregoing limitations will apply whether such damages arise out of breach of contract, tort (including negligence) or otherwise and regardless of whether such damages were foreseeable or MEEM was advised of the possibility of such damages. Some jurisdictions do not allow certain limitations of liability so some or all of the above limitations of liability may not apply to you.2.	CONDITIONS2.1.	This Warranty applies only to hardware products manufactured by or for MEEM that can be identified by the “MEEM” trade mark, trade name, or logo affixed to them. This Warranty applies only to MEEM Products sold in the United Kingdom, United States of America, Canada, Germany and France to the original end-user. Your rights as a consumer in any other country will be subject to the laws of that country.2.2.	The Warranty does not apply to any non-MEEM hardware products or any software, even if packaged or sold with the MEEM Product. Manufacturers, suppliers, or publishers, other than MEEM, may provide their own warranties to the end-user purchaser and the terms of those warranties generally govern your rights in relations to such hardware products or software. Software distributed by MEEM with or without the MEEM brand name (including, but not limited to system software) is not covered under this Warranty. Please refer to the licensing agreement accompanying the software for details of your rights with respect to its use.2.3.	MEEM does not warrant that the operation of the MEEM Product will be uninterrupted or error-free.2.4.	MEEM is not responsible for damage arising from failure to follow instructions relating to the MEEM Product’s use.2.5.	This Warranty does not apply: (a) to damage caused by use of the MEEM Product with non-MEEM software; (b) to damage caused by fair wear and tear, abnormal storage conditions, incorrect use, accident, abuse, misuse, flood, fire, earthquake or other external causes; (c) to damage caused by operating the MEEM Product outside the permitted or intended uses described by MEEM; (d) to a MEEM Product that has been modified in any way without the prior written permission of MEEM; (e) to damage caused by a failure to operate the MEEM Product in accordance with the MEEM User Guide; or (f) to damage caused by using the MEEM Product for a purpose other than its original intended purpose.2.6.	The Warranty is conditional upon evidence to the reasonable satisfaction of MEEM of retail purchase of the MEEM Product by the original end-user purchaser.2.7.	For the purposes of this Warranty, an end-user is a ‘Consumer’ if the end-user is an individual acting for purposes wholly or mainly outside their trade, business, craft or profession.Paragraph 2.8. only applies if you are not a Consumer.2.8.	If the end-user is not a Consumer: (a) then except as expressly stated in this Warranty, MEEM does not give any representation, warranties or undertakings in relation to the MEEM Product; and (b) any representation, condition or warranty which might be implied or incorporated into this Warranty by statute, common law or otherwise is excluded to the fullest extent permitted by law.2.9.	Except as otherwise set forth herein, the MEEM Product is provided to you “as is” and with all faults and defects without warranty of any kind. To the maximum extent permitted under applicable law, MEEM, on its own behalf and on behalf of its affiliates and its and their respective licensors and service providers, expressly disclaims all warranties, whether express, implied, statutory or otherwise, with respect to the MEEM Product, including all implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title and non-infringement, and warranties that may arise out of course of dealing, course of performance, usage or trade practice. Without limitation to the foregoing, MEEM provides no warranty or undertaking, and makes no representation of any kind that the MEEM Product will meet your requirements, achieve any intended results, be compatible or work with any other software, applications, systems or services, operate without interruption, meet any performance or reliability standards or be error free or that any errors or defects can or will be corrected. Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of or limitations on implied warranties or the limitations on the applicable statutory rights of a consumer, so some or all of the above exclusions and limitations may not apply to you.3.	GENERAL TERMS3.1.	This Warranty, the End User Licence Agreement and the Firmware Licence Agreement, constitute the entire agreement between you and MEEM with respect to the MEEM Product and supersede all prior or contemporaneous understandings and agreements, whether written or oral, with respect to the MEEM Product.3.2.	This Warranty is between you and us. No other person shall have any rights to enforce any of its terms. Neither of us will need to get the agreement of any other person in order to end the Warranty or make any changes to its terms.4.	CLAIMING UNDER THE WARRANTYPlease access and review the MEEM User Guide supplied with the MEEM Product (also available online) before requesting warranty service. If the MEEM Product is still not functioning properly after making use of these resources, please contact MEEM using the information provided in the documentation. A MEEM representative will help determine whether your MEEM Product requires service and, if it does, will inform you how MEEM will provide it. MEEM will provide warranty service on MEEM Products that are tendered or presented for service during the Warranty Period. You may obtain warranty service worldwide. However, service will be limited to the options available in the country where service is requested. Service options, parts availability and response times will vary according to country. If you wish to claim under this Warranty you will be responsible for posting the MEEM Product to MEEM but MEEM will be responsible for any reasonable postage costs you incur. MEEM may require that you furnish proof of purchase.5.	APPLICABLE LAWIf you are domiciled in the United States of America or any United States territory: (i) this Warranty, its subject matter and its formation, are governed by California and controlling United States federal law; and (ii) any legal action or proceeding arising under, related to or connected with this Licence, its subject matter and its formation shall be subject to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the federal (if they have jurisdiction) or state courts located in San Francisco, California and the parties irrevocably consent to the personal jurisdiction and venue there.ALL ACCESS TO AND USE OF MEEM MOBILE APPLICATION SOFTWARE (“APP”) AND USE OF THE FIRMWARE IN THE MEEM PRODUCT IS SUBJECT TO THE TERMS OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA END-USER LICENCE AGREEMENT AND THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA FIRMWARE LICENCE AGREEMENT.If you have any questions about the coverage provided by this Warranty, please contact MEEM at the address below:MEEM MEMORY LIMITED7 Jardine HouseBessborough RoadPO Box 60076LondonSW16 9GY HA1 3EXUnited KingdomEmail: infohello@meemmemory.com© Copyright MEEM Memory Ltd 2016